Enough for 7 days
The marriage contract was made with your father back then
But five years ago, your parents died
The Qi family was defeated, and you are no longer worthy of today's you
The Tian family will give you a sum of money as the reason for the divorce.
And so forth.
Now you won't reject this lady again, will you?
And my lady
You have so many real rings and you are wearing a fake one.
How embarrassing I like it
This is an actor who is afraid of being exposed, right?
Miss, this requires my teaching action.
No need, don't worry about the jumping beam clown
Let's go on a date
Liangyouwei Dao, President of Haohaicheng Chamber of Commerce
President Liang personally came to participate in our Tian enterprise
New product launch
Brother, why don't we hurry up and meet you?
President Liang is here
The Tian family is honored
Miss Tian
I will become a member of Haicheng Chamber of Commerce soon.
The press conference of Tianjia's new products
Liang can always be absent
This is a $10 million contract.
Miss Tian, don't refuse
Thank you both so much
Why is Mr. Qi here today?
Mr. Qi, I am here